docs: misc improved docs, including rust watcher example (#132)
ActivityWatch/docs: src/configuration.rst

aw-server-rust
--------------

- :code:`host` Hostname to start the server on. Currently only :code:`localhost` or :code:`127.0.0.1` are supported.
- :code:`port` Port number to start the server on.

> - :code:`cors` Enable CORS (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing) for the server. This is useful if you want to access the server from a different domain than the one it's hosted on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :code:`cors` List of allowed CORS domains (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing) for the server. Useful in testing and development to let other web origins access the ActivityWatch API, such as aw-webui in development mode on port 27180.
```
